we can in place eminent third
couplet lady of the loan what does
makes you gerber
apparently I'm bothering
humor and emotion intersected and
intertwined Friday night on the stage of
Milan says the theater Luçonnais
indeed welcomed the room the squat
of jean marie chevret a worn piece
by two famous Geneva artists
fontanel and marion range
and if this last triumph
currently in the character of the get
of household scenes she had a real
favorite for this piece
rewarded with the solidarity award and
anti-racism of ol's ngos is a
very very beautiful piece very very strong
very effective in terms of humor
but who worries all the time funny
through the human truth
was never free never know
do not stir fins like I say
elegantly we are in demand
in in life in life in the
heart and it's a beautiful piece
it's a piece a message since good
it's a subject that's growing
topical
it is obviously the galley of the kids
currently as soon as they have a
foreign connotation then no the
doors close we hear the the
bellows that falls into the oven and the
doors are closing so they're in
galley galley to lodge
that's it but we these treaties on the plane
obviously funny finally like not comic
comedy it's a comedy story
is simple a bourgeois apartment is
squatted by a young marginal couple
samir and natacha and this thanks to the
complicity of the son of the concierge of
the building
he thinks himself calm but the return
premature of the two sisters owner
of the apartment will upset everything
forced cohabitation takes place between
these two worlds that everything opposes
marion game plays the role of a
sisters figeac hard and intolerant
in any case at the beginning of the play a role
who first frightened him is a
roll I was very scared I was very scared
because when I read the piece I
follow me but what she says during the
first half hour of the play but
it's just not possible they go they
are going to scream in the room they will do
waters
they are going to be panicked and dying of
laugh which is still extremely
weird
the more you type
way but I tell you but really
primary racist primary
and then people are comfortable in
their sneakers with that and we're good
far, of course, in this room of
huguette rom from the series scenes of
households a role that has brought to
the actress a second notoriety but
she does not make a mistake and knows where is
his real job
it's great because we fall back on
our legs make theater is
difficult when you could see there
must go to coal in fact you know it
come from paris in the livestock me
stupidly with the trail my car I say
it's a job it's a job
difficult but it's the real job
what should we do
the rest is bling bling it's but
that's our job
I do not want to get away from that because
that obviously we are offered and we will
do a series of things and we'll
do this strengthen no I leave them
star to them
is that what's curious
they do not understand why
we are we are adopted by the French
do not understand he knows their escapes
completely that they are far from the job
I mean gerard and I have
sold enough to handle this
deal there I say no it's okay it's our
job
the scene remains so his true passion a
passion that does not safadi over the years
yes because we put ourselves in danger because
we are there we are we are stimulated we are
there when we are afraid before entering it
a crazy thing we are always afraid we have
a jitters before going on stage and then
they take you in their arms while
right away so thank you god what